requested yesterday Sunday enrres cresto now again hides for this
robbery that will be present from this day and of course that
will return to the low temperatures by the entrance of the cold front towards this
yesterday everything that took advantage of
her clothes to wash her car because her conditions change from this
Monday
wind in rain what we expect in much of the northeast of the country the
defense from this Monday is going to sit from tomorrow on Tuesday and as
I told him everything for this cold front that is also like that to the current in
jet that is generating an important humidity input
from the Pacific in other sectors of the country the sky cleared to
less out there on the peninsula in other points of the Pacific coast but
towards the north-east north-west northwest low temperatures quite cloudiness indicated
which is exactly the condition that is expected but we take a look at the
beaches over there
at ease in acapulco, avoiding the 30 will be clear maximum vallarta port
from 26 to 20 in Hermosillo is also necessary not affected I saw until the
e3 maximum of 16 at the appointment in the warm afternoon only reaching 24 the
13 11 h and the cloudy sky to medina but granted two important flowers was the
peninsula also excellent weather conditions
reach up to 35 degrees in Merida if the cloudy medium in all that area of
the peninsula also for villahermosa today to which they make an example is the exit
of 30 degrees similar over there
requested good conditions to travel in the sun after the Gulf of
Mexico for the plant that was born in Monterrey and at maximum temperature
presents 14 13 degrees is exactly what we expect and populate this is not a
temperature of 4
of course I came to the possible acquisition throughout the day tomorrow Tuesday
increases the possible rainfall with aminatu until night loans the
third frames that will be 9 just with that value we plucked up the day I
I feel strong on Wednesday and Thursday its minimum maximum expression of 5 to 6 is
Sawani needs to wait neglect only in areas high in areas
mountainous in the city this possibility is not considered only
may precipitation on Friday minimum of 5 maximum of 9 and intermittently
and next Saturday nor the 8th maximum of 15 came the help but only
actor the night cold temperatures throughout the week
rains and cement we wait for him in coahuila tamaulipas
these too and of course but it is already back at that point in the
tomorrow with much more to follow
very careful because what I had
a great start to the week
these also of course throughout the state of new lion
at that point in the morning with a lot more to follow
very careful because what I had
great start